Add Arch conflict package and update linux readme info (#8090)
deskflow/deskflow: README.md

macOS 12 or higher is required.

> Linux requires libei 1.3+ and libportal 0.8+ for the server / client. Additionally Qt6.7+ is required for the GUI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Linux requires libei 1.3+ and libportal 0.8+ for the server/client. Additionally, Qt 6.7+ is required for the GUI.
```
